Before move on to our message list I actually want to add that functionality for logging out so we can
see some changes between pages.
So instead of our nav bar we're going to change up things inside of the nav bar.
We brought in the current user a little while back from relax so that we could display different links
depending on if they're signed up or not.
So what we'll do inside of this nav bar is render everything like we were before except we're going
to add a little bit of conditional logic to say after this div if this is that Propst our current user
that is authenticated if this user has logged in.
Then what's gonna turn a bunch of each TNL what are we going to return here.
Well for the class of nav bar nav
and nav bar right and inside of the nav bar and inside of the stand up are now.
And inside of this list I will make another click and this link is going to go to the route to create
a new message for that user.
We don't have this one yet but let's set up some boilerplate like we did before.
Slash users slash whatever.
That props does current user data user doc ID every single user we have here is going to refer to that
user object.
So lets grab the ID for that user and I'll go to slash messages slash new inside of your will eventually
make this a link to display a form to create a new message.
I will do that a little bit later.
Let's make sure that this closes the text of new message for that like
someone I'm going to worry too much about when this route is going to go.
This is really just for visual display right now.
But we're going to be another lie and this is where we can add some functionality right away here.
We'll have another link.
And let's just make an anchor tag because we don't need re-act router to handle this.
So we're going to add an on click and you're going to call this dot log out
and log out it is a very simple function.
It's going to log the user but how do we implement this in a single page application.
When we log in we place a token in local storage so logging out is going to be the idea of removing
that token from local storage.
So yes let's make sure that we add a little bit of functionality for dispatching an action of logging
up so what we're going to do here is write a function called blog and the first thing we're going to
do is make sure that inside of here we can dispatch some other action.
So we're going to use that thunk as well.
And inside of this funk we're going to first clear local storage.
We're then going to dispatch our set current user function to be an empty object.
So the idea of not simply calling that current user but with an empty object instead of a populated
object.
So inside of our nav bar we want to start using this log function that we need.
So let's import log out from that last store slash actions slash off and inside of here we're simply
going to place a function called Laaga.
We'll use that new syntax so we get the rate that you are the key word this we're going to prevent the
default action and I will call this up prop's doggo.
So where did this that Propst that log out come from.
Well we have to pass it in in MAP dispatched prop's.
So let's go make sure we get a log out there and we'll see if we can log out the user.
Let's see if this was me sure that our syntax is correct.
Well we need the other part of the turn there.
So let's make sure that we close in our turn every operator.
The rest of that code has a section on the user's authenticated.
So we have another syntax error here instead of our template story.
So let's make sure that our template string is correct.
So we want to make sure that this template string is inside those curly braces and the inner curly brace
closes where I want to evaluate a variable that looks a lot better.
It's good to look at this with sign up Sovietism similar information here.
Put in a password and username and it looks like we made it and now we see a new message and log out.
So it was a little bit more let's click log out and now we're back to this original page and how do
we know if we did this correctly.
Let's go take a look at local storage and we see that there's no token in there right now.
Let's go log in again and see what the token looks like now in local storage.
So if you look at local storage we now have that token and that looks good.
So it looks like we're logging in and logging out successfully.
We'll fix these lost items is probably just an issue with some HD.
Right now our goal is to take all the messages we have in our database and display them right where
it says you meet him and we'll do that next.